stock_picking_report_custom_description/README.rst, before:

=======================================
Stock Picking Report Custom Description
=======================================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--reporting-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/tree/15.0/stock_picking_report_custom_description
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-reporting
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-reporting-15-0/stock-logistics-reporting-15-0-stock_picking_report_custom_description
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/webui/builds.html?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-reporting&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to print moves description in picking reports.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Create a sale order and set manual description in sale order lines.
#. Go to *Inventory > Deliveries* and you can print the reports with move name
   instead product name.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_picking_report_custom_description%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Carlos Dauden
  * Sergio Teruel
  * Ernesto Tejeda
  * Pilar Vargas

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-carlosdauden| image:: https://github.com/carlosdauden.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/carlosdauden
    :alt: carlosdauden

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-carlosdauden| 

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-reporting <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/tree/15.0/stock_picking_report_custom_description>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] stock_picking_report_custom_description: Transfer line description to move

stock_picking_report_custom_description/README.rst, after:

=======================================
Stock Picking Report Custom Description
=======================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6c03fe3cfe5f5df1c21382b6b7e658d4b8cebecf53d1f5003cbb7817ff40f003
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--reporting-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/tree/15.0/stock_picking_report_custom_description
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-reporting
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-reporting-15-0/stock-logistics-reporting-15-0-stock_picking_report_custom_description
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-reporting&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module transfers the sales order line description to the picking, and
allows to print such text on the picking reports.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Create a sale order and set manual description in sale order lines.
#. Confirm the order.
#. Navigate to the delivery through the smart-button.
#. You can print the reports with move name instead product name on the specific
   reports:

   * Delivery Slip (Description).
   * Picking Operations (Description).

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/issues/new?body=module:%20stock_picking_report_custom_description%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Carlos Dauden
  * Sergio Teruel
  * Ernesto Tejeda
  * Pilar Vargas

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-carlosdauden| image:: https://github.com/carlosdauden.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/carlosdauden
    :alt: carlosdauden

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-carlosdauden| 

This module is part of the `OCA/stock-logistics-reporting <https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-reporting/tree/15.0/stock_picking_report_custom_description>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
